** Commanding Total Victory **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=08Ix6itRVWk&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

1 Timothy 2:4 Who will have all men to be saved, and to come unto the knowledge of the truth.

We have been called to a life of victory.
We have been called to a life that reflects the multifaceted power and wisdom and the grace of God
Ephesians 3:10 To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
Ephesians 2:10 For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
1 Peter 2:9 But ye are a chosen generation, a royal priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar people; that ye should shew forth the praises of him who hath called you out of darkness into his marvellous light;

2 Peter 1:2-4 Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord,
According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:
Whereby are given unto us exceeding great and precious promises: that by these ye might be partakers of the divine nature, having escaped the corruption that is in the world through lust.

The manifestation of the divine and victorious life depends on our knowing the truth and engaging the truth.

The average believer's challenge is the kind or quality of spiritual orientation he / she has been exposed to.

2 Corinthians 2:14 Now thanks be unto God, which always causeth us to triumph in Christ, and maketh manifest the savour of his knowledge by us in every place.
1 Corinthians 15:57 But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.

Romans 1:20 For the invisible things of him from the creation of the world are clearly seen, being understood by the things that are made, even his eternal power and Godhead; so that they are without excuse:

The human body is the most visble clue to how God designed the believer's life to function
The human body is composed of living cells that are organised into tissues, into organs, into systems.

The believer's victory will only be made MANIFEST by understanding and engaging the various systems of the kingdom
1. Prayer system: Designed to help men to make contact with God
2. Speaking of the Word
3. Mental transformation
4. Character and moral excellence
5. Diligence
6. Relationships
7. Annointing
8. Patience
9. Mentorship

In the days to come, the Lord will have the believer's focus on 3 major errors and contend for victory
1. Spiritual health; this includes your relationship with God
	Matthew 22:37-40 Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
	This is the first and great commandment.
	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
	On these two commandments hang all the law and the prophets.
	
	Romans 8:35-39 Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? shall tribulation, or distress, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
	As it is written, For thy sake we are killed all the day long; we are accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
	Nay, in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us.
	For I am persuaded, that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor things present, nor things to come,
	Nor height, nor depth, nor any other creature, shall be able to separate us from the love of God, which is in Christ Jesus our Lord.
	
	Loving the Lord means:
	- Your prayer life must be up and alive
	- Your fasting life must be up and alive
	- Your word study life must be up and alive
	- Your passion for the house of God life must be up and alive
	- Your passion for the things of God must be up and alive
	
2. Your personal needs. Your personal things being met is the cure to depression and frustration. Take your personal needs seriously, not just carnal needs, but that which is required to give you the stability to serve God
	Proverbs 18:1 Through desire a man, having separated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom.
	Hebrews 6:12 That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
	Genesis 17:6 And I will make thee exceeding fruitful, and I will make nations of thee, and kings shall come out of thee.

3. Becoming an effective witness
	John 4:34 Jesus saith unto them, My meat is to do the will of him that sent me, and to finish his work.