** Discerning The Body Of Christ **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8n72FivDKQ&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

Acts 20:20 And how I kept back nothing that was profitable unto you, but have shewed you, and have taught you publicly, and from house to house,

Acts 20:27 For I have not shunned to declare unto you all the counsel of God.

1. Jesus came to give us life and life abundant	
	John 10:10 The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
	
2. The reality of the victorious believers life is a through knowledge
	John 17:3 And this is life eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.
	Ephesians 4:18 Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:
	
3. Knowledge in this kingdom is dimensional and it is based on our callings and assignments
	1 Corinthians 13:9 For we know in part, and we prophesy in part.
	Isaiah 28:10 For precept must be upon precept, precept upon precept; line upon line, line upon line; here a little, and there a little:
	John 16:12 I have yet many things to say unto you, but ye cannot bear them now.
	
4. No single individual is given the whole counsel of God
	Romans 12:3-8 For I say, through the grace given unto me, to every man that is among you, not to think of himself more highly than he ought to think; but to think soberly, according as God hath dealt to every man the measure of faith.
	For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
	Having then gifts differing according to the grace that is given to us, whether prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of faith;
	Or ministry, let us wait on our ministering: or he that teacheth, on teaching;
	Or he that exhorteth, on exhortation: he that giveth, let him do it with simplicity; he that ruleth, with diligence; he that sheweth mercy, with cheerfulness.
	
	Luke 22:19 And he took bread, and gave thanks, and brake it, and gave unto them, saying, This is my body which is given for you: this do in remembrance of me.
	
	This means in isolation to other dimesions within te body of Christ, no believer can grow accurately
	Acts 18:24-28 And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, came to Ephesus.
	This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the things of the Lord, knowing only the baptism of John.
	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.
	And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:
	For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publicly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ.
	
	Acts 19:1-6 And it came to pass, that, while Apollos was at Corinth, Paul having passed through the upper coasts came to Ephesus: and finding certain disciples,
	He said unto them, Have ye received the Holy Ghost since ye believed? And they said unto him, We have not so much as heard whether there be any Holy Ghost.
	And he said unto them, Unto what then were ye baptized? And they said, Unto John's baptism.
	Then said Paul, John verily baptized with the baptism of repentance, saying unto the people, that they should believe on him which should come after him, that is, on Christ Jesus.
	When they heard this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus.
	And when Paul had laid his hands upon them, the Holy Ghost came on them; and they spake with tongues, and prophesied.
	
5. There are consequences for ignoring the whole counsel of God
	1 Corinthians 11:27-30 Wherefore whosoever shall eat this bread, and drink this cup of the Lord, unworthily, shall be guilty of the body and blood of the Lord.
	But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of that bread, and drink of that cup.
	For he that eateth and drinketh unworthily, eateth and drinketh damnation to himself, not discerning the Lord's body.
	For this cause many are weak and sickly among you, and many sleep.
	
There are many people who are not able to receive from the body because of the fears:
1. The fear of being corrupted by the sad nonsense and rubbish that we find flying around in the body of Christ
	
2. The fear that has come by reason of believing if you open up yourself to the diversities of the body, something will happen to your life and you may loose touch with God

The secret to receiving from the body of Christ
Judges 14:12-14 And Samson said unto them, I will now put forth a riddle unto you: if ye can certainly declare it me within the seven days of the feast, and find it out, then I will give you thirty sheets and thirty change of garments:
But if ye cannot declare it me, then shall ye give me thirty sheets and thirty change of garments. And they said unto him, Put forth thy riddle, that we may hear it.
And he said unto them, Out of the eater came forth meat, and out of the strong came forth sweetness. And they could not in three days expound the riddle.

Revelation 1:10-13 I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and heard behind me a great voice, as of a trumpet,
Saying, I am Alpha and Omega, the first and the last: and, What thou seest, write in a book, and send it unto the seven churches which are in Asia; unto Ephesus, and unto Smyrna, and unto Pergamos, and unto Thyatira, and unto Sardis, and unto Philadelphia, and unto Laodicea.
And I turned to see the voice that spake with me. And being turned, I saw seven golden candlesticks;
And in the midst of the seven candlesticks one like unto the Son of man, clothed with a garment down to the foot, and girt about the paps with a golden girdle.

Regardless the imperfections in the church, Christ is in the midst of her.

The Lamb's wife
Revelation 21:9-16 And there came unto me one of the seven angels which had the seven vials full of the seven last plagues, and talked with me, saying, Come hither, I will shew thee the bride, the Lamb's wife.
And he carried me away in the spirit to a great and high mountain, and shewed me that great city, the holy Jerusalem, descending out of heaven from God,
Having the glory of God: and her light was like unto a stone most precious, even like a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
And had a wall great and high, and had twelve gates, and at the gates twelve angels, and names written thereon, which are the names of the twelve tribes of the children of Israel:
On the east three gates; on the north three gates; on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
And the wall of the city had twelve foundations, and in them the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
And he that talked with me had a golden reed to measure the city, and the gates thereof, and the wall thereof.
And the city lieth foursquare, and the length is as large as the breadth: and he measured the city with the reed, twelve thousand furlongs. The length and the breadth and the height of it are equal.