** Encounters **

Job 42:5 I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear: but now mine eye seeth thee.
John 4:39-42

An encounter is a supernatural experience that brings the reality of God to a person / people

1. An encounter with Jesus The Son Of The Living God
	3 things you receive:
	- Access to righteousness
		Romans 5:17  For if by one man's offence death reigned by one; much more they which 
		receive abundance of grace and of the gift of righteousness shall reign in life by one, Jesus Christ.)
	- Access to the Life of God - John 3:16
	- Access to the Grace of God - Ephesians 1:3 -  Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, 
		who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ:
		
2. An encounter with the Person and the Ministry of The HolySpirit
	Zechariah 4:6  Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, 
	saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts.
	John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall 
	not speak of himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
	Isaiah 30:21  And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye 
	turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left.
	
	The HolySpirit is the revealer of the Word of God
	1 Corinthians 2:9-12 But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart 
	of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
	But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.
	For what man knoweth the things of a man, save the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things of God knoweth 
	no man, but the Spirit of God.
	Now we have received, not the spirit of the world, but the spirit which is of God; that we might know the things that 
	are freely given to us of God.
	John 16:13 Howbeit when he, the Spirit of truth, is come, he will guide you into all truth: for he shall not speak of 
	himself; but whatsoever he shall hear, that shall he speak: and he will shew you things to come.
	
	The confirmer of the Word
	Isaiah 44:24-26 Thus saith the Lord, thy redeemer, and he that formed thee from the womb, I am the Lord that maketh 
	all things; that stretcheth forth the heavens alone; that spreadeth abroad the earth by myself;
	That frustrateth the tokens of the liars, and maketh diviners mad; that turneth wise men backward, and maketh their 
	knowledge foolish;
	That confirmeth the word of his servant, and performeth the counsel of his messengers; that saith to Jerusalem, Thou 
	shalt be inhabited; and to the cities of Judah, Ye shall be built, and I will raise up the decayed places thereof:
	
	The custodian of the annointing
	Isaiah 61:1 The Spirit of the Lord God is upon me; because the Lord hath anointed me to preach good tidings unto the 
	meek; he hath sent me to bind up the brokenhearted, to proclaim liberty to the captives, and the opening of the prison 
	to them that are bound;
	Micah 3:8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the Lord, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob 
	his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
	Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both
	in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
	
3. An encounter with the Word of God: The Word of God is a compendium of the mystries, secrets, principles and the
	methodologies of the kingdom.
	Matthew 13:11 He answered and said unto them, Because it is given unto you to know the mysteries of the kingdom of heaven, 
	but to them it is not given.
	Colossians 3:16 Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom; teaching and admonishing one another in psalms 
	and hymns and spiritual songs, singing with grace in your hearts to the Lord.
	
	This encounter brings
	- Understanding: 
		Luke 19:42 Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto 
		thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
		Luke 24:45 Then opened he their understanding, that they might understand the scriptures,
	-  Faith
		Romans 10:17 So then faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
		Romans 4:19-22 And being not weak in faith, he considered not his own body now dead, when he was about an hundred 
		years old, neither yet the deadness of Sarah's womb:
		He staggered not at the promise of God through unbelief; but was strong in faith, giving glory to God;
		And being fully persuaded that, what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
		And therefore it was imputed to him for righteousness.
	- Stability
		1 Corinthians 15:58 Therefore, my beloved brethren, be ye stedfast, unmoveable, always abounding in the work of 
		the Lord, forasmuch as ye know that your labour is not in vain in the Lord.
		Isaiah 33:6 And wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength of salvation: the fear of 
		the Lord is his treasure.