** Freedom From Financial Captivity **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utYEg80OIU0&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

Luke 4:16-21 And he came to Nazareth, where he had been brought up: and, as his custom was, he went into the synagogue on the sabbath day, and stood up for to read.
And there was delivered unto him the book of the prophet Esaias. And when he had opened the book, he found the place where it was written,
The Spirit of the Lord is upon me, because he hath anointed me to preach the gospel to the poor; he hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind, to set at liberty them that are bruised,
To preach the acceptable year of the Lord.
And he closed the book, and he gave it again to the minister, and sat down. And the eyes of all them that were in the synagogue were fastened on him.
And he began to say unto them, This day is this scripture fulfilled in your ears.

Prosperity: To do well

Levels of properity
1. Spiritual prosperity
2. Mental prosperity
3. Bodily prosperity
4. Financial prosperity
5. Relational prosperity

Riches: Abundant financial resources

Wealth: Abundant financial resources plus the systems that gaurantee replenishing

Poverty: The absence of financial resources and the absence of the knowledge and intelligence that gaurantees productivity

Lack: Insufficiency, inadequate resources to meet your needs especially when required.

Factors responsible for poverty
1. Ignorance / Incomplete knowledge of God's financial system
	Luke 19:41-42 And when he was come near, he beheld the city, and wept over it,
	Saying, If thou hadst known, even thou, at least in this thy day, the things which belong unto thy peace! but now they are hid from thine eyes.
	
2. The absence of value that is needed and useful
	Matthew 25:24-27 Then he which had received the one talent came and said, Lord, I knew thee that thou art an hard man, reaping where thou hast not sown, and gathering where thou hast not strawed:
	And I was afraid, and went and hid thy talent in the earth: lo, there thou hast that is thine.
	His lord answered and said unto him, Thou wicked and slothful servant, thou knewest that I reap where I sowed not, and gather where I have not strawed:
	Thou oughtest therefore to have put my money to the exchangers, and then at my coming I should have received mine own with usury.

3. Lack of productivity and excellence
	Productivity is the ability to translate your value into products and services that are packaged and served to a targeted consumer base with excellence.
	Daniel 5:12-14 Forasmuch as an excellent spirit, and knowledge, and understanding, interpreting of dreams, and shewing of hard sentences, and dissolving of doubts, were found in the same Daniel, whom the king named Belteshazzar: now let Daniel be called, and he will shew the interpretation.
	Then was Daniel brought in before the king. And the king spake and said unto Daniel, Art thou that Daniel, which art of the children of the captivity of Judah, whom the king my father brought out of Jewry?
	I have even heard of thee, that the spirit of the gods is in thee, and that light and understanding and excellent wisdom is found in thee.
	
4. Absence of strategic relationships
	John 5:7 The impotent man answered him, Sir, I have no man, when the water is troubled, to put me into the pool: but while I am coming, another steppeth down before me.
	Mark 2:4 And when they could not come nigh unto him for the press, they uncovered the roof where he was: and when they had broken it up, they let down the bed wherein the sick of the palsy lay.
	
5. Bankruptcy of spiritual empowerment. There is a spiritual dimension to genuine lasting wealth. It is called the power to prosper.
	Deuteronomy 8:18 But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
	
6. Impatience
	Proverbs 13:11 Wealth gotten by vanity shall be diminished: but he that gathereth by labour shall increase.
	
7. Laziness
	Proverbs 20:4 The sluggard will not plow by reason of the cold; therefore shall he beg in harvest, and have nothing.
	
** 5 keys to be delivered from financial captivity
1. A heart for God
	2 Chronicles 26:5 And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the Lord, God made him to prosper.
	
2. Mental transformation

3. Productivity

4. Strategic relationships

5. The power to prosper: It is a supernatural engracing, a dimension of the annointing of the Holy Spirit, that comes upon your spirit and mind. It grants you the ability to provide supernatural solutions.
You know you have the power to get wealth when nothing happens natural. Everything is supernatural.

Assignment of wealth, prosperity and abundance
1. Empower you to leave a comfortable life
2. Kingdom advance
3. Empower you to be a blessing to a dying world in a definite and practical way.