** Helped by God **

Romans 9:16 So then it is not of him that willeth, nor of him that runneth, but of God that sheweth mercy.
Acts 26:22 Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, ...

2 Chronicles 26:5 And he sought God in the days of Zechariah, who had understanding in the visions of God: and as long as he sought the Lord, God made him to prosper.
2 Chronicles 26:15 And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvellously helped, till he was strong.

Psalms 121:1-2 I will lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help.
My help cometh from the Lord, which made heaven and earth.

Help: Make it easy / possible for someone to do / achieve something by offering your service / resources
	  
How God helps me:
1. Administering His mercy to me
2. Exposing me to the ministry of men
3. Granting me access to the Person and the ministry of the Holy Spirit

One of the clearest proofs of being alone and not helped by God is confusion

1. Mercy
	Deuteronomy 4:31 (For the Lord thy God is a merciful God;) he will not forsake thee, neither destroy thee, nor forget the covenant of thy fathers which he sware unto them.
	
	To understand God's mercy, you need to understand
	a) The nature of God
		1 John 4:8 He that loveth not knoweth not God, for GOD IS LOVE.
		
		Psalms 145:8-9 The Lord is gracious, and full of compassion; slow to anger, and of great mercy.
		The Lord is good to all: and his tender mercies are over all his works.
		
	b) The nature of man
		Psalms 51:5 Behold, I was shapen in iniquity; and in sin did my mother conceive me.
		
	Mercy: A compassionate treatment to someone who is in distress
		   Refraining from punishing an offender
		   The disposition to forgive, to show pity / kindness
		   Aliviate pain & distress, to provide relief
		   
	The mercy of God is only administered at the instance of brokenness.
	Brokenness is an acknowledgment of your inadequacy, of the fact that you are limited and unassisted by God you cannot meet God's standard
	
3. The Holy Spirit
	Zechariah 4:6 Then he answered and spake unto me, saying, This is the word of the Lord unto Zerubbabel, saying, Not by might, nor by power, but by my spirit, saith the Lord of hosts.
	
	John 14:16-18 And I will pray the Father, and he shall give you another Comforter, that he may abide with you for ever;
	Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
	I will not leave you comfortless: I will come to you.
	
	Micah 3:8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the Lord,...
	
	Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
	
	Isaiah 48:16 ... and now the Lord God, and his Spirit, hath sent me.
	
	Revelation 22:17 And the Spirit and the bride say, Come...
	
	** Fourfold function of the Holy Spirit
	1. Ministry of guidance
	2. Ministry of direction
	3. Ministry of revelation
	4. Ministry of empowerement: Administrator of the power of God