Major seasons for destiny
1. Preparation
	a)Discover God
		Exodus 1:1
	b)Discover yourself
		In discovering God, you discover yourself
		John 1:6-7 There was a man sent from God, whose name was Joel.
		Jeremiah 1:5 Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee; and before thou camest forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, and I ordained thee a prophet unto the nations.
		Then said I, Ah, Lord God! behold, I cannot speak: for I am a child.
		But the Lord said unto me, Say not, I am a child: for thou shalt go to all that I shall send thee, and whatsoever I command thee thou shalt speak.
	c)Discover your giftings and abilities: Especially through service.
		The tools God will use to bless the nations through you
		Exodus 4:2 And the Lord said unto him, What is that in thine hand? And he said, A rod.
		Do not begin the journey of your destiny without knowing what is in your hands
		Exodus 4:17 And thou shalt take this rod in thine hand, wherewith thou shalt do signs.
		If you can not lay down your rod to serve God, it cannot become a rod that does signs and wonders
		Your rod is everything that is an advantage in your life
		
		Philemon 1:6 That the communication of thy faith may become effectual by the acknowledging of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
		What constitutes an advantage in my life:
		1. Handsome
		2. Happy
		3. Good heart
		4. Leader
		5. Visionary
		6. Intelligent
		7. Wins debates
		8. Wise
		9. Entrepreneuer
	d)Discover and receive you assignment
		Assignments can be discovered / received (e.g. dreams)
		Hebrews 10:7 Then said I, Lo, I come (in the volume of the book it is written of me,) to do thy will, O God.
	e)Build capacity and prepare for destiny
	
2. Testing / proving
	1 Samuel 17:33-37 And Saul said to David, Thou art not able to go against this Philistine to fight with him: for thou art but a youth, and he a man of war from his youth.
	And David said unto Saul, Thy servant kept his father's sheep, and there came a lion, and a bear, and took a lamb out of the flock:
	And I went out after him, and smote him, and delivered it out of his mouth: and when he arose against me, I caught him by his beard, and smote him, and slew him.
	Thy servant slew both the lion and the bear: and this uncircumcised Philistine shall be as one of them, seeing he hath defied the armies of the living God.
	David said moreover, The Lord that delivered me out of the paw of the lion, and out of the paw of the bear, he will deliver me out of the hand of this Philistine. And Saul said unto David, Go, and the Lord be with thee.
	
	Deuteronomy 8:11-18 Beware that thou forget not the Lord thy God, in not keeping his commandments, and his judgments, and his statutes, which I command thee this day:
	Lest when thou hast eaten and art full, and hast built goodly houses, and dwelt therein;
	And when thy herds and thy flocks multiply, and thy silver and thy gold is multiplied, and all that thou hast is multiplied;
	Then thine heart be lifted up, and thou forget the Lord thy God, which brought thee forth out of the land of Egypt, from the house of bondage;
	Who led thee through that great and terrible wilderness, wherein were fiery serpents, and scorpions, and drought, where there was no water; who brought thee forth water out of the rock of flint;
	Who fed thee in the wilderness with manna, which thy fathers knew not, that he might humble thee, and that he might prove thee, to do thee good at thy latter end;
	And thou say in thine heart, My power and the might of mine hand hath gotten me this wealth.
	But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.
	
3. Appearance / Manifestation
	Luke 1:80 And the child grew, and waxed strong in spirit, and was in the deserts till the day of his shewing unto Israel.
	
	John 2:4 Jesus saith unto her, Woman, what have I to do with thee? mine hour is not yet come.
	
	- Build system for continuous spiritual growth
		Acts 6:3-4 Wherefore, brethren, look ye out among you seven men of honest report, full of the Holy Ghost and wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.
		But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.
		
	- Raise men
		2 Timothy 2:2 And the things that thou hast heard of me among many witnesses, the same commit thou to faithful men, who shall be able to teach others also.