The unit of destiny is time

Why people loose:
1. Lack of discernment
	Hebrews 2:1 Therefore we ought to give the more earnest heed to the things which we have heard, lest at any time we 
	should let them slip.
	Genesis 28:16 And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the Lord is in this place; and I knew it not.
	
2. Carelessness
	Hebrewa 2:3 How shall we escape, if we neglect so great salvation; which at the first began to be spoken by the 
	Lord, and was confirmed unto us by them that heard him;
	Revelation 3:11 Behold, I come quickly: hold that fast which thou hast, that no man take thy crown.

3. Ignorance of the laws of life, destiny and the kingdom
	Psalm 82:5-7 They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth 
	are out of course.
	I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
	but ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.

4. Abuse and misuse
	Matthew 25: Parable of the talents

Keys to restoration
1. Self examination: 
	2 Cor 13:5: Examine yourselves, whether ye be in he faith; prove your own selves, how that Jesus Christ is in you,
				except ye be reprobates?
	Luke 15:14-17 The prodigal son came to himself
	
2. Brokennes: At the point of brokennes you reprioritize God above everything
	Psalm 51:17: The sacrifices of God are a broken spirit: a broken and a bcontrite heart, O God, thou wilt not despise.
	
3. Knowledge:
	Proverbs 11:9 A hypocrite with his mouth destroyeth his neighbour: but through knowledge shall the just be delivered.
	Isaiah 60:1 Arise, shine, for thy light is come and the glory of the Lord is risen upon thee.
	Job 29:1-10 Moreover Job continued his parable, and said,
				2 Oh that I were as in months past, as in the days when God preserved me;
				3 When his acandle shined upon my head, and when by his light I walked through darkness;
				4 As I was in the days of my youth, when the asecret of God was upon my tabernacle;
				5 When the Almighty was yet with me, when my children were about me;
				6 When I washed my steps with butter, and the rock poured me out rivers of oil;
				7 When I went out to the gate through the city, when I prepared my seat in the street!
				8 The young men saw me, and hid themselves: and the aged arose, and stood up.
				9 The princes refrained talking, and laid their hand on their mouth.
				10 The nobles held their peace, and their tongue cleaved to the roof of their mouth.
				
4. Prophetic:
	Isaiah 42:22 But this is a a people robbed and spoiled; they are all of them snared in holes, 
				and they are hid in prison houses: they are for a prey, and none delivereth; 
				for a spoil, and none saith, Restore.
	2 Kings 6:5-7 But as one was felling a beam, the axe head fell into the water: and he cried, and said, 
				Alas, master! for it was aborrowed.
				And the man of God said, Where fell it? And he shewed him the place. And he cut down a stick, 
				and cast it in thither; and the iron did swim.
				Therefore said he, Take it up to thee. And he put out his hand, and took it.
	Nehemiah 5:11 Restore, I pray you, to them, even this day, their lands, their vineyards, their oliveyards, 
				and their houses, also the hundredth part of the money, and of the corn, the wine, and the oil, 
				that ye exact of them.
	Ezekiel 37:3-7 And he said unto me, Son of man, can these bones alive? And I answered, O Lord God, thou knowest.
				Again he said unto me, Prophesy upon these bones, and say unto them, O ye dry bones, 
				hear the word of the Lord.
				Thus saith the Lord God unto these bones; Behold, I will cause a breath to enter into you, and ye shall live:
				And I will lay sinews upon you, and will bring up flesh upon you, and cover you with skin, and put breath 
				in you, and ye shall live; and ye shall know that I am the Lord.
				So I prophesied as I was commanded: and as I prophesied, there was a noise, and behold a shaking, 
				and the bones came together, abone to his bone.
	