**Mystrey Of Divine Intervation**

1. Pray: Start by praying in the spirit
	Acts 12:5-11 Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.
		And when Herod would have brought him forth, the same night Peter was sleeping between two soldiers, bound with 
		two chains: and the keepers before the door kept the prison.
		And, behold, the angel of the Lord came upon him, and a light shined in the prison: and he smote Peter on the side, 
		and raised him up, saying, Arise up quickly. And his chains fell off from his hands.
		And the angel said unto him, Gird thyself, and bind on thy sandals. And so he did. And he saith unto him, 
		Cast thy garment about thee, and follow me.
		And he went out, and followed him; and wist not that it was true which was done by the angel; 
		but thought he saw a vision.
		When they were past the first and the second ward, they came unto the iron gate that leadeth unto the city; 
		which opened to them of his own accord: and they went out, and passed on through one street; and 
		forthwith the angel departed from him.
		And when Peter was come to himself, he said, Now I know of a surety, that the Lord hath sent his angel, 
		and hath delivered me out of the hand of Herod, and from all the expectation of the people of the Jews.
		
	Acts 16:25-26 And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
		And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately 
		all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.
		
	James 5:13 Is any among you afflicted? let him pray. Is any merry? let him sing psalms.

	Psalm 18: -> Never forget this scripture
	
2. Dance and Praise with understanding
	Praise as an instrument of warefare and faith and you are blessing God in advance
	Psalms 22:3 But thou art holy, O thou that inhabitest the praises of Israel.
	
	Zephaniah 3:14-20 Sing, O daughter of Zion; shout, O Israel; be glad and rejoice with all the heart, 
		O daughter of Jerusalem.
		The Lord hath taken away thy judgments, he hath cast out thine enemy: the king of Israel, even the Lord,
		is in the midst of thee: thou shalt not see evil any more.
		In that day it shall be said to Jerusalem, Fear thou not: and to Zion, Let not thine hands be slack.
		The Lord thy God in the midst of thee is mighty; he will save, he will rejoice over thee with joy; he will rest 
		in his love, he will joy over thee with singing.
		I will gather them that are sorrowful for the solemn assembly, who are of thee, to whom the reproach of it was 
		a burden.
		Behold, at that time I will undo all that afflict thee: and I will save her that halteth, and gather her that was 
		driven out; and I will get them praise and fame in every land where they have been put to shame.
		At that time will I bring you again, even in the time that I gather you: for I will make you a name and a praise 
		among all people of the earth, when I turn back your captivity before your eyes, saith the Lord.
		
3. Seed faith
	Psalm 126:5-6 They that sow in tears shall reap in joy.
		He that goeth forth and weepeth, bearing precious seed, shall doubtless come again with rejoicing, bringing 
		his sheaves with him.
		
4. Power of prophecy
	2 Kings 7:1-8
	Hosea 12:13  And by a prophet the Lord brought Israel out of Egypt, and by a prophet was he preserved.