NAVIGATING PROPHETIC SEASONS (PART1) -BEHOLD I DO A NEW THING 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KkOKA6DmJn4&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

Genesis 1:14 And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heaven to divide the day from the night; and let them be for signs, and for seasons, and for days, and years:

Amos 3:7 Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets.

1 Corinthians 2:9-10 But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things of God.

Isaiah 43:18-19 Remember ye not the former things, neither consider the things of old.
Behold, I will do a new thing; now it shall spring forth; shall ye not know it? I will even make a way in the wilderness, and rivers in the desert.

Remember ye not: 
  Over dwelling on past thoughts, both negative and positive can hinder your advancement and your progress in life

  The negative past can create fear, discouragement or deflate your passion to press.
  Judges 6:13-15 And Gideon said unto him, Oh my Lord, if the Lord be with us, why then is all this befallen us? and where be all his miracles which our fathers told us of, saying, Did not the Lord bring us up from Egypt? but now the Lord hath forsaken us, and delivered us into the hands of the Midianites.
  And the Lord looked upon him, and said, Go in this thy might, and thou shalt save Israel from the hand of the Midianites: have not I sent thee?
  And he said unto him, Oh my Lord, wherewith shall I save Israel? behold, my family is poor in Manasseh, and I am the least in my father's house.

  The positive past can create complacancy, pride, overconfidence and even indiscipline
  Judges 16:18-21 And when Delilah saw that he had told her all his heart, she sent and called for the lords of the Philistines, saying, Come up this once, for he hath shewed me all his heart. Then the lords of the Philistines came up unto her, and brought money in their hand.
  And she made him sleep upon her knees; and she called for a man, and she caused him to shave off the seven locks of his head; and she began to afflict him, and his strength went from him.
  And she said, The Philistines be upon thee, Samson. And he awoke out of his sleep, and said, I will go out as at other times before, and shake myself. And he wist not that the Lord was departed from him.
  But the Philistines took him, and put out his eyes, and brought him down to Gaza, and bound him with fetters of brass; and he did grind in the prison house.

  Philippians 3:13-14 Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
  I press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.

Behold: I need your attention, spirit, soul and body
  Acts 3:2-5 And a certain man lame from his mother's womb was carried, whom they laid daily at the gate of the temple which is called Beautiful, to ask alms of them that entered into the temple;
  Who seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple asked an alms.
  And Peter, fastening his eyes upon him with John, said, Look on us.
  And he GAVE HEED UNTO THEM, EXPECTING TO RECIEVE something of them.

I will do a new thing
  Genesis 21:1 And the Lord visited Sarah as he had said, and the Lord did unto Sarah as he had spoken.

New: A virgin dimension, unfamiliar path, something not captured in your memory of yesterday

The new prophetic season before us demands three major things:
1. Discernment and flexibility
  Mark 2:11-12 I say unto thee, Arise, and take up thy bed, and go thy way into thine house.
  And immediately he arose, took up the bed, and went forth before them all; insomuch that they were all amazed, and glorified God, saying, We never saw it on this fashion.

2. Strength and courage
  Joshua 1:5-7 There shall not any man be able to stand before thee all the days of thy life: as I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake thee.
  Be strong and of a good courage: for unto this people shalt thou divide for an inheritance the land, which I sware unto their fathers to give them.
  Only be thou strong and very courageous, that thou mayest observe to do according to all the law, which Moses my servant commanded thee: turn not from it to the right hand or to the left, that thou mayest prosper withersoever thou goest.

  Psalm 27:1-3 The Lord is my light and my salvation; whom shall I fear? the Lord is the strength of my life; of whom shall I be afraid?
  When the wicked, even mine enemies and my foes, came upon me to eat up my flesh, they stumbled and fell.
  Though an host should encamp against me, my heart shall not fear: though war should rise against me, in this will I be confident.

3. Obedience
  Luke 5:5 And Simon answering said unto him, Master, we have toiled all the night, and have taken nothing: nevertheless at thy word I will let down the net. 

** Prophetic seasons being opened to the body of Christ **
1. A season of the harvest
  The season demands that through mighty signs and wonders that many will come to Jesus
  Matthew 9:37-38 Then saith he unto his disciples, The harvest truly is plenteous, but the labourers are few;
  Pray ye therefore the Lord of the harvest, that he will send forth labourers into his harvest.

2. The season of abundance of grace: Manifestations of divine abilities and enablements in a capacity that has not been seen.
  2 Corinthians 9:8 And God is able to make all grace abound toward you; that ye, always having all sufficiency in all things, may abound to every good work:
  
  Joel 2:28-32 And it shall come to pass afterward, that I will pour out my spirit upon all flesh; and your sons and your daughters shall prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, your young men shall see visions:
  And also upon the servants and upon the handmaids in those days will I pour out my spirit.
  And I will shew wonders in the heavens and in the earth, blood, and fire, and pillars of smoke.
  The sun shall be turned into darkness, and the moon into blood, before the great and terrible day of the Lord come.
  And it shall come to pass, that whosoever shall call on the name of the Lord shall be delivered: for in mount Zion and in Jerusalem shall be deliverance, as the Lord hath said, and in the remnant whom the Lord shall call.

3. The season of fulfilment of ancient prophecies from scripture and modern history

4. The season of intense spiritual warfare. 
  A call for a higher level of spiritual intelligence
  A call for a higher level for the grace for prayer
  1 Thessalonians 2:18 Wherefore we would have come unto you, even I Paul, once and again; but Satan hindered us.

  Matthew 26:41 Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation: the spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.

5. The season of rewards.
  Levels of reward
  1. Dominion over things
  2. Dominion over nations (systems and structures)
  3. Captain over His program

  When God increases a man
  1. A multiplication of grace and anction
  2. An enlargement of spiritual influence
  3. Greater spiritual responsibilities