**Re-defining inheritance**

Inherit: To receive by succession / will as an heir
Inheritance: An acquisition of a possession (property, condition, trait) from past generations especially from parents to offspring

Proverbs 13:22 A good man leaveth an inheritance to his children's children: and the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the just.

Luke 15:11-14 And he said, A certain man had two sons:
	And the younger of them said to his father, Father, give me the portion of goods that falleth to me. And he divided unto them his living.
	And not many days after the younger son gathered all together, and took his journey into a far country, and there wasted his substance with riotous living.
	And when he had spent all, there arose a mighty famine in that land; and he began to be in want.
Luke 15:25-31 Now his elder son was in the field: and as he came and drew nigh to the house, he heard musick and 	dancing.
	And he called one of the servants, and asked what these things meant.
	And he said unto him, Thy brother is come; and thy father hath killed the fatted calf, because he hath received him safe and sound.
	And he was angry, and would not go in: therefore came his father out, and intreated him.
	And he answering said to his father, Lo, these many years do I serve thee, neither transgressed I at any time thy commandment: and yet thou never gavest me a kid, that I might make merry with my friends:
	But as soon as this thy son was come, which hath devoured thy living with harlots, thou hast killed for him the fatted calf.
	And he said unto him, Son, thou art ever with me, and all that I have is thine.
	
What quantifies and qualifies an inheritance:
1. Convictions
	Genesis 18:17-19 And the Lord said, Shall I hide from Abraham that thing which I do;
		Seeing that Abraham shall surely become a great and mighty nation, and all the nations of the earth shall be blessed in him?
		For I know him, that he will command his children and his household after him, and they shall keep the way of the Lord, to do justice and judgment; that the Lord may bring upon Abraham that which he hath spoken of him.
		
	Deuteronomy 6:1 Now these are the commandments, the statutes, and the judgments, which the Lord your God commanded to teach you, that ye might do them in the land whither ye go to possess it:
	Deuteronomy 6:7 And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up.
	Deuteronomy 6:20-21 And when thy son asketh thee in time to come, saying, What mean the testimonies, and the statutes, and the judgments, which the Lord our God hath commanded you?
	Then thou shalt say unto thy son, We were Pharaoh's bondmen in Egypt; and the Lord brought us out of Egypt with a mighty hand:
	
2. Name: Your name means your credibility, impact, track record, value and contribution
	Genesis 12:2 And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
	Proverbs 22:1 A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.
	Ecclesiastes 7:1 A good name is better than precious ointment; and the day of death than the day of one's birth.
	
3. Relationships and connections
	John 19:26-27 When Jesus therefore saw his mother, and the disciple standing by, whom he loved, he saith unto his mother, Woman, behold thy son!
	Then saith he to the disciple, Behold thy mother! And from that hour that disciple took her unto his own home.
	
4. Physical assets (cash, properties, businesses, estates)
	Numbers 27:6-11  And the Lord spake unto Moses, saying,
		The daughters of Zelophehad speak right: thou shalt surely give them a possession of an inheritance among their father's brethren; and thou shalt cause the inheritance of their father to pass unto them.
		And thou shalt speak unto the children of Israel, saying, If a man die, and have no son, then ye shall cause his inheritance to pass unto his daughter.
		And if he have no daughter, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his brethren.
		And if he have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his father's brethren.
		And if his father have no brethren, then ye shall give his inheritance unto his kinsman that is next to him of his family, and he shall possess it: and it shall be unto the children of Israel a statute of judgment, as the Lord commanded Moses.
		
	Joshua 11:15-23 As the Lord commanded Moses his servant, so did Moses command Joshua, and so did Joshua; he left nothing undone of all that the Lord commanded Moses.
		So Joshua took all that land, the hills, and all the south country, and all the land of Goshen, and the valley, and the plain, and the mountain of Israel, and the valley of the same;
		Even from the mount Halak, that goeth up to Seir, even unto Baalgad in the valley of Lebanon under mount Hermon: and all their kings he took, and smote them, and slew them.
		Joshua made war a long time with all those kings.
		There was not a city that made peace with the children of Israel, save the Hivites the inhabitants of Gibeon: all other they took in battle.
		For it was of the Lord to harden their hearts, that they should come against Israel in battle, that he might destroy them utterly, and that they might have no favour, but that he might destroy them, as the Lord commanded Moses.
		And at that time came Joshua, and cut off the Anakims from the mountains, from Hebron, from Debir, from Anab, and from all the mountains of Judah, and from all the mountains of Israel: Joshua destroyed them utterly with their cities.
		There was none of the Anakims left in the land of the children of Israel: only in Gaza, in Gath, and in Ashdod, there remained.
		So Joshua took the whole land, according to all that the Lord said unto Moses; and Joshua gave it for an inheritance unto Israel according to their divisions by their tribes. And the land rested from war.
		
5. Mantle and annointing
	Genesis 25:5-6 And Abraham gave all that he had unto Isaac.
		But unto the sons of the concubines, which Abraham had, Abraham gave gifts, and sent them away from Isaac his son, while he yet lived, eastward, unto the east country.
	Genesis 25:11 And it came to pass after the death of Abraham, that God blessed his son Isaac; and Isaac dwelt by the well Lahairoi.
	Genesis 26:12-16 Then Isaac sowed in that land, and reaped in the same year a hundredfold; and the Lord blessed him. 13 The man began to prosper, and continued prospering until he became very prosperous; 14 for he had possessions of flocks and possessions of herds and a great number of servants. So the Philistines envied him. 15 Now the Philistines had stopped up all the wells which his father’s servants had dug in the days of Abraham his father, and they had filled them with earth. 16 And Abimelech said to Isaac, “Go away from us, for you are much mightier than we.”
	
	Genesis 27:18-35 And he came unto his father, and said, My father: and he said, Here am I; who art thou, my son?
		And Jacob said unto his father, I am Esau thy first born; I have done according as thou badest me: arise, I pray thee, sit and eat of my venison, that thy soul may bless me.
		And Isaac said unto his son, How is it that thou hast found it so quickly, my son? And he said, Because the Lord thy God brought it to me.
		And Isaac said unto Jacob, Come near, I pray thee, that I may feel thee, my son, whether thou be my very son Esau or not.
		And Jacob went near unto Isaac his father; and he felt him, and said, The voice is Jacob's voice, but the hands are the hands of Esau.
		And he discerned him not, because his hands were hairy, as his brother Esau's hands: so he blessed him.
		And he said, Art thou my very son Esau? And he said, I am.
		And he said, Bring it near to me, and I will eat of my son's venison, that my soul may bless thee. And he brought it near to him, and he did eat: and he brought him wine and he drank.
		And his father Isaac said unto him, Come near now, and kiss me, my son.
		And he came near, and kissed him: and he smelled the smell of his raiment, and blessed him, and said, See, the smell of my son is as the smell of a field which the Lord hath blessed:
		Therefore God give thee of the dew of heaven, and the fatness of the earth, and plenty of corn and wine:
		Let people serve thee, and nations bow down to thee: be lord over thy brethren, and let thy mother's sons bow down to thee: cursed be every one that curseth thee, and blessed be he that blesseth thee.
		And it came to pass, as soon as Isaac had made an end of blessing Jacob, and Jacob was yet scarce gone out from the presence of Isaac his father, that Esau his brother came in from his hunting.
		And he also had made savoury meat, and brought it unto his father, and said unto his father, Let my father arise, and eat of his son's venison, that thy soul may bless me.
		And Isaac his father said unto him, Who art thou? And he said, I am thy son, thy firstborn Esau.
		And Isaac trembled very exceedingly, and said, Who? where is he that hath taken venison, and brought it me, and I have eaten of all before thou camest, and have blessed him? yea, and he shall be blessed.
		And when Esau heard the words of his father, he cried with a great and exceeding bitter cry, and said unto his father, Bless me, even me also, O my father.
		And he said, Thy brother came with subtilty, and hath taken away thy blessing.
		

Keys to receiving from fathers:
1. Honour
	Malachi 1:6-8 A son honoureth his father, and a servant his master: if then I be a father, where is mine honour? and if I be a master, where is my fear? saith the Lord of hosts unto you, O priests, that despise my name. And ye say, Wherein have we despised thy name?
	Ye offer polluted bread upon mine altar; and ye say, Wherein have we polluted thee? In that ye say, The table of the Lord is contemptible.
	And if ye offer the blind for sacrifice, is it not evil? and if ye offer the lame and sick, is it not evil? offer it now unto thy governor; will he be pleased with thee, or accept thy person? saith the Lord of hosts.
	
2. Service / support
	Genesis 30:26-30  Give me my wives and my children, for whom I have served thee, and let me go: for thou knowest my service which I have done thee.
	And Laban said unto him, I pray thee, if I have found favour in thine eyes, tarry: for I have learned by experience that the Lord hath blessed me for thy sake.
	And he said, Appoint me thy wages, and I will give it.
	And he said unto him, Thou knowest how I have served thee, and how thy cattle was with me.
	For it was little which thou hadst before I came, and it is now increased unto a multitude; and the Lord hath blessed thee since my coming: and now when shall I provide for mine own house also?