Reasons to pray

1. God commanded that we pray. 
	Luke 18:1 And he spake a parable to this end, that men ought always to pray, and not to faint
	1 Thessalonians 5:17 Pray without ceasing
2. Fellowship with God
3. Prayer is one of the authorized platforms for growth and transformation
	1 Corinthians 14:4 He that speaketh in an unknown tongue edifieth himself, ..
	Luke 9: 29 And as he prayed, the fashion of his countenace was altered, and his raiment was white and glistering.
	
	Prayer is not bound by time, you can send it to your tomorro
	
4. Warfare and intercession
	James 5:13 Is any among you afflicated? let him pray...
	Acts 12:5 Peter therefore was kept in prison: but prayer was made without ceasing of the church unto God for him.
	
5. Strategy to keep your faith alive
	Luke 22:31 And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan hath desired to have you, that he may sift you as wheat:
	Luke 22:31 But I have prayed for you, that your faith fail not,: and that when you are converted, strengthen your brethren
	
6. Prayer is a platform to make requests and petitions
	Mark 11:23 For verily I say unto you, That whoseover shall say unto this mountain, Be though removed, and be thou cast 
			into the sea; and shall not doubt in his heart, but shall believe those things which he saith shall come to pass;
			he shall have whatsoever he saith.
	Mark 11:24 Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye recieve them, and ye 
				shall have them.
	Philippians 4:6 Be anxious for nothing, but in everything by prayer and supplication, with thanksgiving, 
					let your requests be known to God.
	Philippians 4:6 And the peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will gaurd your hearts and minds 
					through Christ Jesus.
	James 4:2 Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not,
				because ye ask not
	James 4:3 Ye ask, and receive not, because ye ask amiss, that ye may consume it upon your lusts.
	
Prayerlessnes is not just sin, it is pride.

Matthew 6:9
Our Father 
Romans 8:15 For ye have not reveived the spirit of bondage again to fear; but ye have received the spiriti 
of adoption, whereby we cry, Abba, Father
Matthew 7:11 If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts unto your children, how much more shall your 
Father who is in heaven give good things to them that ask Him?

who art in heaven
When you approach God, your faith must be alive
Because He is in a higher realm than the earth we are on
Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him: for he who comes to God must believe that He is,
and that He is a rewarder of them that diligently seek Him

Hallowed be thy name
Inspite of His fatherhood, you must aproach Him with the spirit of reverence
1 Samuel 2:30 Wherefore the Lord God of Israel saith, I said indeed that thy house, and the house of thy father, 
should walk before me for ever: but now the Lord saith, Be it far from me; for them that honour me I will honour, 
and they that despise me shall be lightly esteemed.

Matthew 6:10
Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven
The kingdom of God represents the life / culture of heaven. The sovereign rule of heaven finding expression
Pray that His influence through His will, find expression in your life. 
If the kingdom of God comes, your life must be a replica of heaven.

Matthew 6:11
Give us this day our daily bread
God is a giver. My bread is daily.
Luke 6:38 Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure; pressed down, and shaken together, and running over,
shall men give into your bosom. For in the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.
Exodus 3:21 And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that,
when ye go, ye shall not go empty

Matthew 6:12
And forgive us our debts, as we forgive our debtors
Offending people has nothing to do with being evil, it's a difference in perspective & values

Matthew 6:13
And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, 
for ever. Amen.
Isaiah 30:21 And thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying, This is the way, walk ye in it, 
when ye turn to the right hand, and when ye turn to the left.
1 John 5:19 And we know that we are of God, and the whole world lieth in wickedness.
2 Peter 2:9 The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of temptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the 
day of judgment to be punished: