** Redefining The Church **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OIXHIM_nijM&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

1. The church is a spiritual strategy
	Jeremiah 51:20-23 Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms;
	And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;
	With thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;
	I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers.
	
2. Men and women who have chosen to submit to the governing influence of the Christ
	1 Peter 2:5 Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
	
3. An institution
	1 Timothy 3:15 But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
	
	Hebrews 10:24-25 And let us consider one another to provoke unto love and to good works:
	Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.
	
The authentic church
	Acts 2:42-47 And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
	And fear came upon every soul: and many wonders and signs were done by the apostles.
	And all that believed were together, and had all things common;
	And sold their possessions and goods, and parted them to all men, as every man had need.
	And they, continuing daily with one accord in the temple, and breaking bread from house to house, did eat their meat with gladness and singleness of heart,
	Praising God, and having favour with all the people. And the Lord added to the church daily such as should be saved.