Spirit of Wisdom

Wisdom: The quality of having experience, knowledge and good judgement. Ability to use knowledge and 
		experience to make good decisions and sound judgement.
Godly wisdom: Wisdom that comes us an impartation by the Spirit if Wisdom.

Wisdom: The accurate application of knowledge.
		The supernatural ability to use the written / inspired Word of God to make accurate decisions and
		provide solutions to life problems.
		
		James 1:5 If any of you lack wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to all liberally, and upbraideth not,
		and it shall be given him.
		
		Job 28:12 But where shall wisdom be found? and where is the place of understanding?
		Job 28:13 Man knoweth no the the price thereof; neither is it found in the land of the living.
		Job 28:23 God understandeth the way thereof, and he knoweth the place thereof.
		
		Lord, give me wisdom, give me favour, give me the annointing of the HolySpirit.
		Follow them who through faith and patience have obtained the promise.
		
		The things that are written are for our learning, that we through the comfort of scripture might find hope.
		
		To understand God's idea of a blessed man, study Abraham Isaiah 51:2
		To understand ministry of prayer, study Abraham James 5:13-18 - Use Elijah to understand prayer.
		To understand encounters with God, study Jacob. Genesis 28,32 Psalms 24
		To understand wisdom, study Solomon 1 Kings
		
		
		1 Kings 3:3 And Solomon loved the Lord, walking in the statutes of David his father: only he sacrificed
					and burnt incense in high places.
		1 Kings 3:4 And the king went to Gibeon to sacrifice there; for that was the great high place: a thousand
					burnt offerings did Solomon offer upon that alter.
		1 Kings 3:5 In Gibeon the LORD appeared to Solomon in a dream by night: and God said, Ask what I shall give thee.
		1 Kings 3:9 Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between
					good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?
		Psalm 50:5 Gather my saints together unto me; those that have made a covenant with me sacrifice.
					There are sacrifices that are representations of your passion and seriousness with God,
					that if you commit yourself to those levels of deep sacrifices, you open yourself for encounters.
		
					
					True wisdom starts with love. Love God, with all your heart, all your soul, all your strength.
					A sincere desire to be a blessing.
					The law of sacrifice: e.g. yourself, resources, time
					Ask the Lord.
					
		Wisdom is revealed and released in the believer through:
		
		1. The sacrifice of meditation. 
			Proverbs 18:1  Through desire a man, having seperated himself, seeketh and intermeddleth with all wisdom.
			Daniel 2:14 Then Daniel answered with counsel and wisdom to Arioch the captain of the king's gaurd, which
						was gone forth to slay the wise men of Babylon.
			Daniel 2:15  He answered and said to Arioch the king's captain, why is the decree so hasty from the king?
						Then Arioch made the thing known to Daniel.
			Daniel 2:16 Then Daniel went in, and desired of the king that he would give him time, and that he would shew
						the king the interpretation.
						
		2. Luke 21:15 For I will give you a mouth and such utterance and wisdom that all of your foes combined will be
						unable to stand against or refute.
			Matthew 10:19 But when they deliver you up, take no thought how or what ye shall speak: for it shall be given 
						you in that same hour what ye shall speak.
			Matthew 10:19 For it not ye that speak, but the Spirit of your Father wwhich speaketh in you.
		
		3. Innovative and creative thinking
			Job 32:8 But there is a spirit in man: and the inspiration of the Almighty giveth them understanding.
		
		4. Dreams and visions
			Hebrews 1:1 God, who at sundry times and in diverse manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets,
			When you get a dream that is prophetic, write it down.
			Dreams and visions seldom come complete, they come in part, for we see in part
			Proverbs 24:3 Through wisdom is a house built, and by understanding it is established.
			1 Kings 3:15 And Solomon awoke; and, behold, it was a dream. And he came to Jerusalem, and stood before the 
						ark of the covenant of the LORD, and offered up burnt offerings, and offered peace offerings, and
						made a feast to all his servants.