**Spritual growth**

Tragedies to a believer who doesn't contend for spiritual growth
1. Ephesians 4:18 Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God 
through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:
2. Galatians 4:1 Now I say that the heir, as long as he is a child, does not differ at all from a slave, 
though he is master of all
3. Hebrews 5:11 Of whom we have many things to say, and hard to be uttered, seeing ye are dull of hearing.
			12 For when for the time ye ought to be teachers, ye have need that one teach you again which be the 
				first principles of the oracles of God; and are become such as have need of milk, and not of strong meat.
			13 For every one that useth milk is unskilful in the word of righteousness: for he is a babe.
			14 But strong meat belongeth to them that are of full age, even those who by reason of use have their 
			senses exercised to discern both good and evil.
			
	Delays => Need restoretion => You know in the scripture everywhere there were losses it is the prophetic that
	brought it back => Introduce to a true prophetic voice => They are taken for a prey and none saith restore
	
	Doors not opening => A body without a spirit is dead => The business is a body, where is the spirit that gives it life
	
Indices to measure spiritual growth
1. Your degree of conformity to the image and the character of Jesus in experience.
	Colosians 3:1 If ye then be risen with Christ, seek those things which are above, where Christ sitteth on the 
				right hand of God.
				2 Set your affection on things above, not on things on the earth.
				3 For ye are dead, and your life is hid with Christ in God.
				...*
	2 Peter 1
	
2. Depth of comprehension of principles and mystries of the kingdom
	1  Corinthians 14:20 Brethren, be not children in understanding: howbeit in malice be ye children, 
	but in understanding be men.
	Colosians 1:9  For this cause we also, since the day we heard it, do not cease to pray for you, and to desire 
	that ye might be filled with the knowledge of his will in all wisdom and spiritual understanding;

3. The outworkings of the power of God in and through your life
	2 Timothy 2:20 But in a great house there are not only vessels of gold and of silver, but also of wood and of earth; 
	and some to honour, and some to dishonour.
	2 Timothy 2:21 If a man therefore purge himself from these, he shall be a vessel unto honour, sanctified, 
	and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work.
	
4. Your love life
	1 John 4:7-21 Beloved, let us love one another: for love is of God; and every one that loveth is born of God, 
	and knoweth God.
	John 13:35 By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.
	1 Corinthians 12:31 But covet earnestly the best gifts: and yet shew I unto you a more excellent way.
	1 Corinthians 13:1 Though I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, and have not charity, I am become as 
	sounding brass, or a tinkling cymbal.
	2 And though I have the gift of prophecy, and understand all mysteries, and all knowledge; and though I have all faith,
	so that I could remove mountains, and have not charity, I am nothing.
	...*