** The Ways Of God **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qHA-lokaoOI&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

Psalm 103:7 He made known his ways unto Moses, his acts unto the children of Israel.

Psalm 25:4-6 Shew me thy ways, O Lord; teach me thy paths.
Lead me in thy truth, and teach me: for thou art the God of my salvation; on thee do I wait all the day.
Remember, O Lord, thy tender mercies and thy lovingkindnesses; for they have been ever of old.

Jeremiah 6:16 Thus saith the Lord, Stand ye in the ways, and see, and ask for the old paths, where is the good way, and walk therein, and ye shall find rest for your souls. But they said, We will not walk therein.

God is a God of patterns
Pattern: A pathway, methodology, pre-defined pathway that leads to a spiritual outcome.

Exodus 33:13 Now therefore, I pray thee, if I have found grace in thy sight, shew me now thy way, that I may know thee, that I may find grace in thy sight: and consider that this nation is thy people.
Exodus 33:18 And he said, I beseech thee, shew me thy glory.

The glory comes after the spiritual pattern connected to that.

John 8:32 And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free.
John 17:17 Sanctify them through thy truth: thy word is truth.
Hosea 4:6 My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge: because thou hast rejected knowledge, I will also reject thee, that thou shalt be no priest to me: seeing thou hast forgotten the law of thy God, I will also forget thy children.
Psalm 82:5-7 They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth are out of course.
I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
Luke 11:35 Take heed therefore that the light which is in thee be not darkness.
Ecclesiastes 10:15 The labour of the foolish wearieth every one of them, because he knoweth not how to go to the city.

In this kingdom, authentic results are built on the revelation of the ways of God.
Action in ignorance is not faith and will not produce results.
The first assignment of any believer seeking to produce results is knowledge, revelation. A thourough understanding of the patterns allocated for specific spiritual outcomes.
Revelation 5:6 And I beheld, and, lo, in the midst of the throne and of the four beasts, and in the midst of the elders, stood a Lamb as it had been slain, having SEVEN HORNS AND SEVEN EYES, which are the seven Spirits of God sent forth into all the earth.
Leviticus 9:6 And Moses said, This is the thing which the Lord commanded that ye should do: and the glory of the Lord shall appear unto you.
