** The Power Of God **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAo-hiMInoQ&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

The Power Of God: 
1. God's agency / tool for creation.
  Jeremiah 32:17 Ah Lord God! behold, thou hast made the heaven and the earth by thy great power and stretched out arm, and there is nothing too hard for thee:

  2 Peter 1:3 According as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness, through the knowledge of him that hath called us to glory and virtue:

2. God's agency for correction
  Matthew 8:1-3 When he was come down from the mountain, great multitudes followed him.
  And, behold, there came a leper and worshipped him, saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean.
  And Jesus put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will; be thou clean. And immediately his leprosy was cleansed.

3. God's agency for enforcing compliance
  Luke 4:31-37 And came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee, and taught them on the sabbath days.
  And they were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power.
  And in the synagogue there was a man, which had a spirit of an unclean devil, and cried out with a loud voice,
  Saying, Let us alone; what have we to do with thee, thou Jesus of Nazareth? art thou come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art; the Holy One of God.
  And Jesus rebuked him, saying, Hold thy peace, and come out of him. And when the devil had thrown him in the midst, he came out of him, and hurt him not.
  And they were all amazed, and spake among themselves, saying, What a word is this! for with authority and power he commandeth the unclean spirits, and they come out.
  And the fame of him went out into every place of the country round about.

  Ecclesiastes 8:4 Where the word of a king is, there is power: and who may say unto him, What doest thou?

  Matthew 8:24-27 And, behold, there arose a great tempest in the sea, insomuch that the ship was covered with the waves: but he was asleep.
  And his disciples came to him, and awoke him, saying, Lord, save us: we perish.
  And he saith unto them, Why are ye fearful, O ye of little faith? Then he arose, and rebuked the winds and the sea; and there was a great calm.
  But the men marvelled, saying, What manner of man is this, that even the winds and the sea obey him!

  Psalm 66:3 Say unto God, How terrible art thou in thy works! through the greatness of thy power shall thine enemies submit themselves unto thee.

4. God's agency for bringing salvation. Salvation is deliverance in its entirety. It comes from the greek word Soteria. It captures within it healing, deliverance, breakthrough
  Acts 4:33 And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.

  Romans 1:16 For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ: for it is the power of God unto salvation to every one that believeth; to the Jew first, and also to the Greek.

  Acts 16:25-34 And at midnight Paul and Silas prayed, and sang praises unto God: and the prisoners heard them.
  And suddenly there was a great earthquake, so that the foundations of the prison were shaken: and immediately all the doors were opened, and every one's bands were loosed.
  And the keeper of the prison awaking out of his sleep, and seeing the prison doors open, he drew out his sword, and would have killed himself, supposing that the prisoners had been fled.
  But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Do thyself no harm: for we are all here.
  Then he called for a light, and sprang in, and came trembling, and fell down before Paul and Silas,
  And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved?
  And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
  And they spake unto him the word of the Lord, and to all that were in his house.
  And he took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes; and was baptized, he and all his, straightway.
  And when he had brought them into his house, he set meat before them, and rejoiced, believing in God with all his house.

  Acts 8:5-8 Then Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and preached Christ unto them.
  And the people with one accord gave heed unto those things which Philip spake, hearing and seeing the miracles which he did.
  For unclean spirits, crying with loud voice, came out of many that were possessed with them: and many taken with palsies, and that were lame, were healed.
  And there was great joy in that city.

  Matthew 10:1 And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
  Matthew 10:7-8 And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
  Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
  