THE REALITY OF SUPERNATURAL EXEMPTION
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qlCP7bq0F1Y

Job 22:29 When men are cast down, then thou shalt say, There is lifting up; and he shall save the humble person.
Matthew 6:13 And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil: For thine is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, for ever. Amen.
Psalms 125:3 For the rod of the wicked shall not rest upon the lot of the righteous; lest the righteous put forth their hands unto iniquity.
Psalms 91:7 A thousand shall fall at thy side, and ten thousand at thy right hand; but it shall not come nigh thee.
Job 5:19-23 He shall deliver thee in six troubles: yea, in seven there shall no evil touch thee.
In famine he shall redeem thee from death: and in war from the power of the sword.
Thou shalt be hid from the scourge of the tongue: neither shalt thou be afraid of destruction when it cometh.
At destruction and famine thou shalt laugh: neither shalt thou be afraid of the beasts of the earth.
For thou shalt be in league with the stones of the field: and the beasts of the field shall be at peace with thee.

Excemption: To be free from an obligation / liability imposed on others by men, circumstances or spiritual factors.

Genesis 4:14-15 Behold, thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth; and from thy face shall I be hid; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth; and it shall come to pass, that every one that findeth me shall slay me.
And the Lord said unto him, Therefore whosoever slayeth Cain, vengeance shall be taken on him sevenfold. And the Lord set a mark upon Cain, lest any finding him should kill him.

Exodus 8:22-23 And I will sever in that day the land of Goshen, in which my people dwell, that no swarms of flies shall be there; to the end thou mayest know that I am the Lord in the midst of the earth.
And I will put a division between my people and thy people: to morrow shall this sign be.

Exodus 12:12-14 For I will pass through the land of Egypt this night, and will smite all the firstborn in the land of Egypt, both man and beast; and against all the gods of Egypt I will execute judgment: I am the Lord.
And the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye are: and when I see the blood, I will pass over you, and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy you, when I smite the land of Egypt.
And this day shall be unto you for a memorial; and ye shall keep it a feast to the Lord throughout your generations; ye shall keep it a feast by an ordinance for ever.

** Keys that activate supernatural excemption **
1. Passionate love for God
	Matthew 22:37-39 Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.
	This is the first and great commandment.
	And the second is like unto it, Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.
	
	1 Corinthians 2:9 But as it is written, Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him.
	
	Psalms 42:1 As the hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God.
	
	John 14:21 He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him.
	
	Matthew 6:33 But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you.
	
2. Discernment: The ability to perceive the influences behind actions
	You fine tune discernment by: 1. Word of God
								  2. Praying in the spirit
					
3. Kingdom service: Promoting God's interests and His purposes in the earth
	Exodus 23:25 And ye shall serve the Lord your God, and he shall bless thy bread, and thy water; and I will take sickness away from the midst of thee.
	Daniel 12:3 And they that be wise shall shine as the brightness of the firmament; and they that turn many to righteousness as the stars for ever and ever.
	
	Isaiah 38:3-8 And said, Remember now, O Lord, I beseech thee, how I have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight. And Hezekiah wept sore.
	Then came the word of the Lord to Isaiah, saying,
	Go, and say to Hezekiah, Thus saith the Lord, the God of David thy father, I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears: behold, I will add unto thy days fifteen years.
	And I will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of the king of Assyria: and I will defend this city.
	And this shall be a sign unto thee from the Lord, that the Lord will do this thing that he hath spoken;
	Behold, I will bring again the shadow of the degrees, which is gone down in the sun dial of Ahaz, ten degrees backward. So the sun returned ten degrees, by which degrees it was gone down.
	
	Job 36:11-12 If they obey and serve him, they shall spend their days in prosperity, and their years in pleasures.
	But if they obey not, they shall perish by the sword, and they shall die without knowledge.
	
	