**The House of God**

Genesis 28:12-18 And he dreamed, and behold a ladder set up on the earth, and the top of it reached to heaven: and behold 
the angels of God ascending and descending on it.
And, behold, the Lord stood above it, and said, I am the Lord God of Abraham thy father, and the God of Isaac: the land
whereon thou liest, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed;
And thy seed shall be as the dust of the earth, and thou shalt spread abroad to the west, and to the east, and to the
north, and to the south: and in thee and in thy seed shall all the families of the earth be blessed.
And, behold, I am with thee, and will keep thee in all places whither thou goest, and will bring thee again into this land; 
for I will not leave thee, until I have done that which I have spoken to thee of.
And Jacob awaked out of his sleep, and he said, Surely the Lord is in this place; and I knew it not.
And he was afraid, and said, How dreadful is this place! this is none other but the house of God, and this is the gate 
of heaven.
And Jacob rose up early in the morning, and took the stone that he had put for his pillows, and set it up for a pillar, 
and poured oil upon the top of it.

- We have inumerable company of angels
- God speaking to edify, reveal His promises, to show you His ways and to assure you of His presence

Matthew 16:17-18 And Jesus answered and said unto him, Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for flesh and blood hath not 
revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven.
And I say also unto thee, That thou art Peter, and upon this rock I will build my church; and the gates of hell shall 
not prevail against it.


1. The church is a spiritual strategy mandated to be used by God as the only tool that is able to purge, cleanse, build
	and reveal Christ and His purposes in it's fullness.
	Jeremiah 51:20-23 Thou art my battle axe and weapons of war: for with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with 
	thee will I destroy kingdoms;
	And with thee will I break in pieces the horse and his rider; and with thee will I break in pieces the chariot and his rider;
	With thee also will I break in pieces man and woman; and with thee will I break in pieces old and young; and with thee
	will I break in pieces the young man and the maid;
	I will also break in pieces with thee the shepherd and his flock; and with thee will I break in pieces the husbandman and 
	his yoke of oxen; and with thee will I break in pieces captains and rulers.
	
	The church is the only spiritual strategy that sustains the ability to reveal Christ, subdue principalities and powers.
	
2. The church refers to the human vessels that are:
	- The host of heaven on earth
	- The executors of God's purposes
	
	1 Peter 2:5 Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood, to offer up spiritual sacrifices, 
	acceptable to God by Jesus Christ.
	Romans 12:4-5 For as we have many members in one body, and all members have not the same office:
	So we, being many, are one body in Christ, and every one members one of another.
	
3. An institution that is mandated to teach and mentor and build people in the ways of God.
	1 Timothy 3:15 But if I tarry long, that thou mayest know how thou oughtest to behave thyself in the house of God, 
	which is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
	Hebrews 10:25 Not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together, as the manner of some is; but exhorting one another: 
	and so much the more, as ye see the day approaching.