** The Roadmap To A Triumphant Entry **

Daniel 11:32 And such as do wickedly against the covenant shall he corrupt by flatteries: but the people that do KNOW their God shall BE strong, and DO exploits.

KNOW: For knowing to be a reality, you must be:
	- Meek enough to receive
	James 1:21 Wherefore lay apart all filthiness and superfluity of naughtiness, and RECEIVE WITH MEEKNESS the engrafted word, which is able to save your souls.
	
	Acts 20:32 And now, brethren, I commend you to God, and to the word of his grace, which is able to build you up, and to give you an inheritance among all them which are sanctified.
	
	- Ask questions
	Matthew 7:8 For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.
	James 4:2 Ye lust, and have not: ye kill, and desire to have, and cannot obtain: ye fight and war, yet ye have not, because ye ask not.
	
	Ask: Requesting information / answer verbally / by writing
		 Invite into / allow into your space
		 Inquire the price / cost of
		 
	- Willing to sacrifice your time, knowledge, resources to buy the truth
	Matthew 13:44-46 Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto treasure hid in a field; the which when a man hath found, he hideth, and for joy thereof goeth and selleth all that he hath, and buyeth that field.
	Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls:
	Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had, and bought it.
	
	You get the capital to buy the truth by selling what is not the truth
	
	Proverbs 2:1-6 My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee;
	So that thou incline thine ear unto wisdom, and apply thine heart to understanding;
	Yea, if thou criest after knowledge, and liftest up thy voice for understanding;
	If thou seekest her as silver, and searchest for her as for hid treasures;
	Then shalt thou understand the fear of the Lord, and find the knowledge of God.
	For the Lord giveth wisdom: out of his mouth cometh knowledge and understanding.
	
	- Have the power to value and retain superior knowledge
	Matthew 13:47-48 Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a net, that was cast into the sea, and gathered of every kind:
	Which, when it was full, they drew to shore, and sat down, and gathered the good into vessels, but cast the bad away.
	
	Proverbs 4:20-22  My son, attend to my words; incline thine ear unto my sayings.
	Let them not depart from thine eyes; keep them in the midst of thine heart.
	For they are life unto those that find them, and health to all their flesh.

BE: Transformation
	- Recognize you are not yet your best version
	Philippians 3:12 Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect: but I follow after, if that I may apprehend that for which also I am apprehended of Christ Jesus.
	
	- Change and upgrade models & refereneces
	
	- Willing to give up age-long, limiting, unscriptural and anti-destiny beliefs
	
	- Willing and prepared to face and endure the consequences of growth and progress
	Daniel 3:6-28
	
DO
	James 1:22 But be ye doers of the word, and not hearers only, deceiving your own selves.
	For if any be a hearer of the word, and not a doer, he is like unto a man beholding his natural face in a glass:
	For he beholdeth himself, and goeth his way, and straightway forgetteth what manner of man he was.
	But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be blessed in his deed.
	
	- Action requires courage
	Numbers 13:30 And Caleb stilled the people before Moses, and said, Let us go up at once, and possess it; for we are well able to overcome it.
	Deuteronomy 20:1-4 When thou goest out to battle against thine enemies, and seest horses, and chariots, and a people more than thou, be not afraid of them: for the Lord thy God is with thee, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt.
	And it shall be, when ye are come nigh unto the battle, that the priest shall approach and speak unto the people,
	And shall say unto them, Hear, O Israel, ye approach this day unto battle against your enemies: let not your hearts faint, fear not, and do not tremble, neither be ye terrified because of them;
	For the Lord your God is he that goeth with you, to fight for you against your enemies, to save you.
	
	- Action requires persistence and resiliance
	Hebrews 6:15 And so, after he had patiently endured, he obtained the promise.
	Galatians 6:9 And let us not be weary in well doing: for in due season we shall reap, if we faint not.
	
	- Action requires conviction
	2 Timothy 1:12 For the which cause I also suffer these things: nevertheless I am not ashamed: for I know whom I have believed, and am persuaded that he is able to keep that which I have committed unto him against that day.
	
	- Action requires unbending focus
	Philippians 3:13 Brethren, I count not myself to have apprehended: but this one thing I do, forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before,
	Proverbs 4:25 Let thine eyes look right on, and let thine eyelids look straight before thee.
	Luke 9:62 And Jesus said unto him, No man, having put his hand to the plough, and looking back, is fit for the kingdom of God.
	
	- Requires patience
	Hebrews 6:12 That ye be not slothful, but followers of them who through faith and patience inherit the promises.
	1 Peter 5:10 But the God of all grace, who hath called us unto his eternal glory by Christ Jesus, after that ye have suffered a while, make you perfect, stablish, strengthen, settle you.
	Romans 8:18 For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.