** The Rich Young Ruler **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BISNmplwdWg

Ecclesiastes 9:11-12 I returned, and saw under the sun, that the race is not to the SWIFT, nor the battle to the STRONG, neither yet bread to the WISE, nor yet riches to men of UNDERSTANDING, nor yet favour to men of SKILL; but time and chance happeneth to them all.
For man also knoweth not his time: as the fishes that are taken in an evil net, and as the birds that are caught in the snare; so are the sons of men snared in an evil time, when it falleth suddenly upon them.

1. Speed
	Master the art of gaining time
	Ephesians 5:16 Redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
	
2. Strength
	Proverbs 24:10 If thou faint in the day of adversity, thy strength is small.
	Isaiah 40:31 But they that wait upon the Lord shall renew their strength; they shall mount up with wings as eagles; they shall run, and not be weary; and they shall walk, and not faint.
	
3. Wisdom
	
4. Understanding

5. Skill

Mark 10:17-22 And when he was gone forth into the way, there came one running, and kneeled to him, and asked him, Good Master, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
And Jesus said unto him, Why callest thou me good? there is none good but one, that is, God.
Thou knowest the commandments, Do not commit adultery, Do not kill, Do not steal, Do not bear false witness, Defraud not, Honour thy father and mother.
And he answered and said unto him, Master, all these have I observed from my youth.
Then Jesus beholding him loved him, and said unto him, One thing thou lackest: go thy way, sell whatsoever thou hast, and give to the poor, and thou shalt have treasure in heaven: and come, take up the cross, and follow me.
And he was sad at that saying, and went away grieved: for he had great possessions.

3 things that represent the forces/motivation of eternal impact
1. A state where your heart is passionately in love with Jesus
2. Your desire to see Him glorified
3. Your desire to be a blessing to others

One thing thou lackest: Your heart condition. Are your motivations inline with the above mentioned