**The Laws of Spiritual Power**

1. The Law of Spiritual illumination
	Genesis 13:14 And the Lord said unto Abram, after that Lot was separated from him, LIFT UP NOW THINE EYES, 
	AND LOOK from the place where thou art northward, and southward, and eastward, and westward:
	
	Ephesians 1:17-20 That the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom 
	and revelation in the knowledge of him:
	The eyes of your understanding being enlightened; that ye may know what is the hope of his calling, and what the riches 
	of the glory of his inheritance in the saints,
	And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
	Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,
	
	Psalms 82:5-7 They know not, neither will they understand; they walk on in darkness: all the foundations of the earth 
	are out of course.
	I have said, Ye are gods; and all of you are children of the most High.
	But ye shall die like men, and fall like one of the princes.
	
	Mark 8:23-25 And he took the blind man by the hand, and led him out of the town; and when he had spit on his eyes, 
	and put his hands upon him, he asked him if he saw ought.
	And he looked up, and said, I see men as trees, walking.
	After that he put his hands again upon his eyes, and made him look up: and he was restored, and saw every man clearly.
	
	Acts 18:24-25 And a certain Jew named Apollos, born at Alexandria, an eloquent man, and mighty in the scriptures, 
	came to Ephesus.
	This man was instructed in the way of the Lord; and being fervent in the spirit, he spake and taught diligently the 
	things of the Lord, KNOWING ONLY the baptism of John.
	And he began to speak boldly in the synagogue: whom when Aquila and Priscilla had heard, they took him unto them, 
	and expounded unto him the way of God more perfectly.
	
2. The Law of Submission
	James 4:7 Submit yourselves therefore to God. Resist the devil, and he will flee from you.
	
	You are only as powerful as your relationship with the authority that sends and backs you
	When you loose the ability to say no to God.
	
	Matthew 8:8-9 The centurion answered and said, Lord, I am not worthy that thou shouldest come under my roof: but 
	speak the word only, and my servant shall be healed.
	For I am a man UNDER AUTHORITY, having soldiers under me: and I say to this man, Go, and he goeth; and to another, 
	Come, and he cometh; and to my servant, Do this, and he doeth it.
	
	Matthew 26:39 And he went a little farther, and fell on his face, and prayed, saying, O my Father, if it be possible, 
	let this cup pass from me: nevertheless not as I will, but as thou wilt.
	
3. The Law of Faith
	Hebrews 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please him: for he that cometh to God must believe that he is, and 
	that he is a rewarder of them that diligently seek him.
	Mark 6:5-6 And he could there do no mighty work, save that he laid his hands upon a few sick folk, and healed them.
	And he marvelled because of their unbelief. And he went round about the villages, teaching.