It is the resurrection of Christ that justified us.
Our redemption started during the Lord's supper
12 is the prophetic number of government
So that was the whole world coming into covenant with one man
When he took the bread and wine and gave it to them, in theology it's called the doctrine of interpenetration.
Interpenetration: The mystery by which two entities become one.
If Jesus were to die for the sins of the world, there had to be a technology to transfer the whole world into him.

At Gethsemane Jesus cried, for the first time he tasted the pain of humanity in it's full strength.

When man fell, at Genesis, he lost:
- The HolySpirit: Life of God
- Righteousness: The nature of God that gives you access to the riches that are in God.
- Dominion: By transferring responsibility  

The seed of the woman, shall bruise the head of the serpent. Satan began to search for everybody that looked like the seed.
Everybody satan ever attacked, was in hope that he was the seed: Moses, Israel, Jesus.
Satan attacks the word of prophecy that is able to empower men to be part of kingdom come. 
From the baptism, Satan did not have any business with anyone again, Jesus became the object of attack.

When satan wanted to attack Adam he went to Eve. Now he goes to the bride of Christ, the church
When satan comes, refer satan to the authority you are under
Submit unto God, then resist the devil and he will flee

Everything Jesus went through was in exchange for what would become our testimony
The mockery, the crown of thones, they whipped him,

Colosians 2
When Jesus died, there was jubilation in hell
Jesus went to hell without the holy ghost, but with the power that was originally in man. 
The cohorts of hell were upon him, forcing him to bow. Whoever you bow to you acknowledge their authority.
Jesus then made a public show of them in hell, triumphing over them.
Then went to Lucifer and took the key.
He then went to preach to the souls right there who were of Abraham's bossom. 
Jesus did not resurrect alone, Bible says graves opened. The people who were in Jerusalem saw them.

He took his blood, and took to the heavenly tabernacle where attornment would happen.
In the levitical law, the age of the lamb determines the validity of the attornment, each year they had to renew.
The ageless lamb drained his blood and took it to that tarbenacle, poured it there, once and for all
He was then given a name above every other name, that at the name of Jesus, every knee shoud bow and every 
tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord

Jesus became Christ when the HolyGhost came upon Him. When He completed the sacrifice of redemption, the name is Lord.

Romans 1:4 And declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead.
Galatians 3:14 That the blessing of Abraham might come on the gentiles through Jesus Christ; that we might receive the
promise of the Spirit through faith