** This Is The Message **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E-FQwPea_lk&t=942s

1 John 1:5 This then is the message which we have heard of him, and declare unto you, that God is light, and in him is no darkness at all.

Every spiritual attack on a man of God, on a ministry or on a vision is ultimately intended to silence the message.

Acts 4:15-18 But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
Saying, What shall we do to these men? for that indeed a notable miracle hath been done by them is manifest to all them that dwell in Jerusalem; and we cannot deny it.
But that it spread no further among the people, let us straitly threaten them, that they speak henceforth to no man in this name.
And they called them, and commanded them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.

Acts 5:27-28 And when they had brought them, they set them before the council: and the high priest asked them,
Saying, Did not we straitly command you that ye should not teach in this name? and, behold, ye have filled Jerusalem with your doctrine, and intend to bring this man's blood upon us.

Every ministry, every calling and every commission from God that must find expression, must have:
	1. The message / the mandate
		Matthew 4:17 From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.
		John 10:10 The thief cometh not, but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy: I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly.
		Matthew 10:7 And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
		
	2. The strategy for execution / the pattern
		Matthew 10:5-16 These twelve Jesus sent forth, and commanded them, saying, Go not into the way of the Gentiles, and into any city of the Samaritans enter ye not:
		But go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
		And as ye go, preach, saying, The kingdom of heaven is at hand.
		Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the dead, cast out devils: freely ye have received, freely give.
		Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor brass in your purses,
		Nor scrip for your journey, neither two coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the workman is worthy of his meat.
		And into whatsoever city or town ye shall enter, enquire who in it is worthy; and there abide till ye go thence.
		And when ye come into an house, salute it.
		And if the house be worthy, let your peace come upon it: but if it be not worthy, let your peace return to you.
		And whosoever shall not receive you, nor hear your words, when ye depart out of that house or city, shake off the dust of your feet.
		Verily I say unto you, It shall be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrha in the day of judgment, than for that city.
		Behold, I send you forth as sheep in the midst of wolves: be ye therefore wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
		
	3. The plartform: Any structure, physical or otherwise, that is able to put you in a position where your voice can be heard
	
	4. Resources: Human & material / financial resources
		Romans 10:14-15 How then shall they call on him in whom they have not believed? and how shall they believe in him of whom they have not heard? and how shall they hear without a preacher?
		And how shall they preach, except they be sent? as it is written, How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace, and bring glad tidings of good things!
		
	5. The backing: The annointing and the spiritual empowerment that supports your call
		Matthew 10:1 And when he had called unto him his twelve disciples, he gave them power against unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease.
		Micah 3:8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the Lord, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
		Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
		Acts 4:33 And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.
		
Doctrinal pillars that make this vision called Koinonia
1. The message of salvation
	John 3:16-17 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.
	For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved.
	
2. The message of transformation
	Romans 12:2 And be not conformed to this world: but be ye transformed by the renewing of your mind, that ye may prove what is that good, and acceptable, and perfect, will of God.
	
	Philippians 2:5 Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus:
	
	Ephesians 4:18 Having the understanding darkened, being alienated from the life of God through the ignorance that is in them, because of the blindness of their heart:
	
	2 Timothy 3:15-17 And that from a child thou hast known the holy scriptures, which are able to make thee wise unto salvation through faith which is in Christ Jesus.
	All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness:
	That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.
	
3. The message of empowerement
	Micah 3:8 But truly I am full of power by the spirit of the Lord, and of judgment, and of might, to declare unto Jacob his transgression, and to Israel his sin.
	Acts 1:8 But ye shall receive power, after that the Holy Ghost is come upon you: and ye shall be witnesses unto me both in Jerusalem, and in all Judaea, and in Samaria, and unto the uttermost part of the earth.
	Acts 2:42 And they continued stedfastly in the apostles' doctrine and fellowship, and in breaking of bread, and in prayers.
	Acts 6:4 But we will give ourselves continually to prayer, and to the ministry of the word.
	
4. The message of the supernatural (signs, wonders, deliverances, breakthrough)
	Acts 4:33 And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.
	Romans 15:19 Through mighty signs and wonders, by the power of the Spirit of God; so that from Jerusalem, and round about unto Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ.
	
5. The message of purpose (kingdom advance and societal transformation)
	John 18:37 Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice.
	
	Acts 26:12-19 Whereupon as I went to Damascus with authority and commission from the chief priests,
	At midday, O king, I saw in the way a light from heaven, above the brightness of the sun, shining round about me and them which journeyed with me.
	And when we were all fallen to the earth, I heard a voice speaking unto me, and saying in the Hebrew tongue, Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou me? it is hard for thee to kick against the pricks.
	And I said, Who art thou, Lord? And he said, I am Jesus whom thou persecutest.
	But rise, and stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee for this purpose, to make thee a minister and a witness both of these things which thou hast seen, and of those things in the which I will appear unto thee;
	Delivering thee from the people, and from the Gentiles, unto whom now I send thee,
	To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me.
	Whereupon, O king Agrippa, I was not disobedient unto the heavenly vision:
	
	Matthew 28:18-20 And Jesus came and spake unto them, saying, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth.
	Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost:
	Teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you: and, lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen.
	
6. The message of unity and love
	
7. The message of lasting peace and fulfilment
	Ecclesiastes 12:12-13 And further, by these, my son, be admonished: of making many books there is no end; and much study is a weariness of the flesh.
	Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man.
	
	Mark 8:36 For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?
	
	Fulfilment is the satisfaction that is derived from knowing that you have lived your life, you have spent your days effectively serving the purposes of the kingdom and being a blessing to humanity
	Genesis 12:3 And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.
	2 Timothy 4:7 I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have kept the faith:
	