**True Riches**

1. The goodness of God
	Romans 2:1-4 Therefore thou art inexcusable, O man, whosoever thou art that judgest: for wherein thou judgest another, 
		thou condemnest thyself; for thou that judgest doest the same things.
		But we are sure that the judgment of God is according to truth against them which commit such things.
		And thinkest thou this, O man, that judgest them which do such things, and doest the same, that thou shalt escape 
		the judgment of God?
		Or despisest thou the riches of his goodness and forbearance and longsuffering; not knowing that the goodness of 
		God leadeth thee to repentance?
		
		
2. Wisdom
	- The ability to use the Word to produce supernatural results
	
	Proverbs 4:5-9 Get wisdom, get understanding: forget it not; neither decline from the words of my mouth.
		Forsake her not, and she shall preserve thee: love her, and she shall keep thee.
		Wisdom is the principal thing; therefore get wisdom: and with all thy getting get understanding.
		Exalt her, and she shall promote thee: she shall bring thee to honour, when thou dost embrace her.
		She shall give to thine head an ornament of grace: a crown of glory shall she deliver to thee.
		
	Proverbs 8
	
	1 Kings 3:9-13 Give therefore thy servant an understanding heart to judge thy people, that I may discern between 
		good and bad: for who is able to judge this thy so great a people?
		And the speech pleased the Lord, that Solomon had asked this thing.
		And God said unto him, Because thou hast asked this thing, and hast not asked for thyself long life; 
		neither hast asked riches for thyself, nor hast asked the life of thine enemies; but hast asked for thyself 
		understanding to discern judgment;
		Behold, I have done according to thy words: lo, I have given thee a wise and an understanding heart; 
		so that there was none like thee before thee, neither after thee shall any arise like unto thee.
		And I have also given thee that which thou hast not asked, both riches, and honour: so that there shall not be any 
		among the kings like unto thee all thy days.