** True Riches **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K9JPaLQDGaA&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

Luke 16:11 If therefore ye have not been faithful in the unrighteous mammon, who will commit to your trust the true riches?

Currencies that buy money
1. Meekness: A healthy blend of humility and teachability
	Matthew 5:5 Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth.
	Job 28:5 As for the earth, out of it cometh bread: and under it is turned up as it were fire.
	Ecclesiastes 5:9 Moreover the profit of the earth is for all: the king himself is served by the field.
	Men are earthen vessels.
	
2. Competence:
	Proverbs 18:16 A man's gift maketh room for him, and bringeth him before great men.
	
3. Credibility / a good name
	Proverbs 22:1 A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.
	
4. Light (knowledge, wisdom and understanding)
	Proverbs 24:3-4 hrough [skillful and godly] wisdom a house [a life, a home, a family] is built, nd by understanding it is established [on a sound and good foundation],
	And by knowledge its rooms are filled with all precious and pleasant riches.
	
5. Favor
	Proverbs 22:1 A good name is rather to be chosen than great riches, and loving favour rather than silver and gold.
	Exodus 3:21 And I will give this people favour in the sight of the Egyptians: and it shall come to pass, that, when ye go, ye shall not go empty.
	Psalms 44:3 For they got not the land in possession by their own sword, neither did their own arm save them: but thy right hand, and thine arm, and the light of thy countenance, because thou hadst a favour unto them.
	
6. Relationships
	Genesis 12:1-5 Now the Lord had said unto Abram, Get thee out of thy country, and from thy kindred, and from thy father's house, unto a land that I will shew thee:
	And I will make of thee a great nation, and I will bless thee, and make thy name great; and thou shalt be a blessing:
	And I will bless them that bless thee, and curse him that curseth thee: and in thee shall all families of the earth be blessed.
	So Abram departed, as the Lord had spoken unto him; and Lot went with him: and Abram was seventy and five years old when he departed out of Haran.
	And Abram took Sarai his wife, and Lot his brother's son, and all their substance that they had gathered, and the souls that they had gotten in Haran; and they went forth to go into the land of Canaan; and into the land of Canaan they came.
	Genesis 13:1-6 And Abram went up out of Egypt, he, and his wife, and all that he had, and Lot with him, into the south.
	And Abram was very rich in cattle, in silver, and in gold.
	And he went on his journeys from the south even to Bethel, unto the place where his tent had been at the beginning, between Bethel and Hai;
	Unto the place of the altar, which he had make there at the first: and there Abram called on the name of the Lord.
	And Lot also, which went with Abram, had flocks, and herds, and tents.
	And the land was not able to bear them, that they might dwell together: for their substance was great, so that they could not dwell together.
	
7. The annointing. It enhances the other six currencies
	Deuteronomy 8:18 But thou shalt remember the Lord thy God: for it is he that giveth thee power to get wealth, that he may establish his covenant which he sware unto thy fathers, as it is this day.