** Validators Of His Ressurection **
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bVFPrCAUAcc&ab_channel=KoinoniaGlobal

The victory of the believer depends on his understanding of the finished work of Christ alongside the dynamics of appropriating  the advantage that victory has brought here and now.

The christian faith is divided into 5 areas:
1. The revelation of God alongside His eternal plan
	Ephesians 3:7-11 Whereof I was made a minister, according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power.
	Unto me, who am less than the least of all saints, is this grace given, that I should preach among the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ;
	And to make all men see what is the fellowship of the mystery, which from the beginning of the world hath been hid in God, who created all things by Jesus Christ:
	To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,
	According to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord:
	
	Isaiah 46:10 Declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not yet done, saying, My counsel shall stand, and I will do all my pleasure:
	
2. The creation and the fall of man
	Romans 3:23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;
	Genesis 1:26 And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness: and let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over the cattle, and over all the earth, and over every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth.
	
3. The revelation of Jesus Christ
	John 1:1-5 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
	The same was in the beginning with God.
	All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
	In him was life; and the life was the light of men.
	And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
	9. That was the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.
	He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
	He came unto his own, and his own received him not.
	But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name:
	Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
	And the Word was made flesh, and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.
	
	John 1:29 The next day John seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world.
	
	What Jesus said about himself
	1. He called himself I am
		John 8:56-58 Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day: and he saw it, and was glad.
		Then said the Jews unto him, Thou art not yet fifty years old, and hast thou seen Abraham?
		Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.
		
		Exodus 3:6 Moreover he said, I am the God of thy father, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. And Moses hid his face; for he was afraid to look upon God.
		
		Exodus 3:14 And God said unto Moses, I Am That I Am: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I Am hath sent me unto you.
		
		John 10:30-33 I and my Father are one.
		Then the Jews took up stones again to stone him.
		Jesus answered them, Many good works have I shewed you from my Father; for which of those works do ye stone me?
		The Jews answered him, saying, For a good work we stone thee not; but for blasphemy; and because that thou, being a man, makest thyself God.
		
	2. He called himself the bread of life
		John 6:35-36 And Jesus said unto them, I am the bread of life: he that cometh to me shall never hunger; and he that believeth on me shall never thirst.
		But I said unto you, That ye also have seen me, and believe not.
		
	3. He called himself the light of the world
		John 8:12 Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.
		
	4. He called himself the door
		John 10:9 I am the door: by me if any man enter in, he shall be saved, and shall go in and out, and find pasture.
		John 10:7 Then said Jesus unto them again, Verily, verily, I say unto you, I am the door of the sheep.
		Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
		
	5. He called himself the good shepherd
		John 10:11 I am the good shepherd: the good shepherd giveth his life for the sheep.
		
	6. The ressurection and the life
		John 11:25 Jesus said unto her, I am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live:
		
	7. He is the way, the truth and the life
		John 14:6 Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
		
	8. The vine
		John 15:5 I am the vine, ye are the branches: He that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit: for without me ye can do nothing.
	
	- Understand His incarnation
	- Understand His earth walk and ministry
	- Understand His substitutionary sacrifice
	- His ascension and exhaltation
	
4. You must knew the believer in Christ
	Ephesians 2:11-22 Wherefore remember, that ye being in time past Gentiles in the flesh, who are called Uncircumcision by that which is called the Circumcision in the flesh made by hands;
	That at that time ye were without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope, and without God in the world:
	But now in Christ Jesus ye who sometimes were far off are made nigh by the blood of Christ.
	For he is our peace, who hath made both one, and hath broken down the middle wall of partition between us;
	Having abolished in his flesh the enmity, even the law of commandments contained in ordinances; for to make in himself of twain one new man, so making peace;
	And that he might reconcile both unto God in one body by the cross, having slain the enmity thereby:
	And came and preached peace to you which were afar off, and to them that were nigh.
	For through him we both have access by one Spirit unto the Father.
	Now therefore ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellowcitizens with the saints, and of the household of God;
	And are built upon the foundation of the apostles and prophets, Jesus Christ himself being the chief corner stone;
	In whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in the Lord:
	In whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit.
	
	Hebrews 2:8 Thou hast put all things in subjection under his feet. For in that he put all in subjection under him, he left nothing that is not put under him. But now we see not yet all things put under him.
	
5. The imminent return of Jesus Christ and the ultimate punishment of satan, wicked spirits and all those without Christ
	Acts 1:9-11 And when he had spoken these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received him out of their sight.
	And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel;
	Which also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing up into heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken up from you into heaven, shall so come in like manner as ye have seen him go into heaven.
	
	Revelation 20:10-15 And the devil that deceived them was cast into the lake of fire and brimstone, where the beast and the false prophet are, and shall be tormented day and night for ever and ever.
	And I saw a great white throne, and him that sat on it, from whose face the earth and the heaven fled away; and there was found no place for them.
	And I saw the dead, small and great, stand before God; and the books were opened: and another book was opened, which is the book of life: and the dead were judged out of those things which were written in the books, according to their works.
	And the sea gave up the dead which were in it; and death and hell delivered up the dead which were in them: and they were judged every man according to their works.
	And death and hell were cast into the lake of fire. This is the second death.
	And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.
	
Theologically, believers are classified based on:
1. Their identity in Christ
	One with Christ, I am the vine and ye are the branches
2. Their function
	Light, salt, kings, priests, ambassadors
	
The believers' identity holds the power to his/her victory in Christ
Dimensions of our identity in Christ
1. Your positional advantage: It reveals to you your status and ranking i the spirit on account of this victorious sacrifice of Christ
	Ephesians 2:4-6 But God, who is rich in mercy, for his great love wherewith he loved us,
	Even when we were dead in sins, hath quickened us together with Christ, (by grace ye are saved;)
	And hath raised us up together, and made us sit together in heavenly places in Christ Jesus:

	What is in this heavenly places
	Ephesians 1:19-21 And what is the exceeding greatness of his power to us-ward who believe, according to the working of his mighty power,
	Which he wrought in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and set him at his own right hand in the heavenly places,
	Far above all principality, and power, and might, and dominion, and every name that is named, not only in this world, but also in that which is to come:

	John 3:31 He that cometh from above is above all: he that is of the earth is earthly, and speaketh of the earth: he that cometh from heaven is above all.

	Genesis 41:40-43 Thou shalt be over my house, and according unto thy word shall all my people be ruled: only in the throne will I be greater than thou.
	And Pharaoh said unto Joseph, See, I have set thee over all the land of Egypt.
	And Pharaoh took off his ring from his hand, and put it upon Joseph's hand, and arrayed him in vestures of fine linen, and put a gold chain about his neck;
	And he made him to ride in the second chariot which he had; and they cried before him, Bow the knee: and he made him ruler over all the land of Egypt.
	
2. Our oneness with Christ
	Ephesians 5:30-32 For we are members of his body, of his flesh, and of his bones.
	For this cause shall a man leave his father and mother, and shall be joined unto his wife, and they two shall be one flesh.
	This is a great mystery: but I speak concerning Christ and the church.
	
	John 14:17 Even the Spirit of truth; whom the world cannot receive, because it seeth him not, neither knoweth him: but ye know him; for he dwelleth with you, and shall be in you.
	
	John 17:20-22 Neither pray I for these alone, but for them also which shall believe on me through their word;
	That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me.
	And the glory which thou gavest me I have given them; that they may be one, even as we are one:
	
	1 Corinthians 6:17 But he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit.
	
	Romans 8:11 But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.
	
By reason of our positional advantage and onenness with Christ, we have access to:
1. Blessings of His Blood
2. His Word
3. His Presence
4. His Life
5. His Power
6. His Name

** Our mandate is not complete if we only celebrate the resurrection. The greater task is to be validators of His resurrection. By revealing the kingdom, the power and the glory of Jesus.
Acts 4:33 And with great power gave the apostles witness of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus: and great grace was upon them all.

Romans 8:18-21 For I reckon that the sufferings of this present time are not worthy to be compared with the glory which shall be revealed in us.
For the earnest expectation of the creature waiteth for the manifestation of the sons of God.
For the creature was made subject to vanity, not willingly, but by reason of him who hath subjected the same in hope,
Because the creature itself also shall be delivered from the bondage of corruption into the glorious liberty of the children of God.

Ephesians 2:10 For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus unto good works, which God hath before ordained that we should walk in them.
Ephesians 3:10 To the intent that now unto the principalities and powers in heavenly places might be known by the church the manifold wisdom of God,